Update sharing.md (#9292)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/sharing.md

## Overview

Shared dashboards and graphs allow you to display metric, trace, and log visualizations outside of Datadog.

## Dashboards

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you share a dashboard by URL or email link, the shared page shows live, read-only contents of that dashboard. Widgets based on APM traces queries do not display data on public dashboards. The Log Stream widget doesn't show data either, but other Log-based queries do.

If your shared dashboard has visible tags configured, [template variable][4] selectors are present on the shared page. The template variables' default values are the default values you set when you configure the share, as described next.
```

Reviewer: (moved this up because people maybe want to know this info first)

**Share an entire dashboard publicly by generating a URL**:
1. On the dashboard's page, click the settings cog in the upper right.
2. Choose the **Generate public URL** option.

> 3. Choose configuration options under "Time & Variable Setings" for "Allow changing timeframe" and/or template variables visible tags.

Author: I updated it

4. Copy the URL and click **Done**.

> **Share with individual emails**: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Send a dashboard link by email

 To share a dashboard with individuals by email:
 
```

Author: We're not just sending an email, they are specifically being authorized individually

Reviewer: Got it. Updated to be more clear about that.

1. On the dashboard's page, click the settings cog in the upper right.

> 2. Choose the **Generate public URL** option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select **Generate public URL**.
```
Side comment, it seems really weird usability-wise to have to select an option with the word "public" in it to send a private URL, no?

> 3. Select "Only specified people" can access this dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select **Only specified people** for indicating who can access this dashboard.
```

> 4. Input the emails you would like to share your dashboard with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Input the email addresses for people you would like to share your dashboard with.
```

> 5. Choose configuration options under "Time & Variable Setings" for "Allow changing timeframe" and/or template variables visible tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Under **Time & Variable Settings**, configure your desired options for the time frame and whether users can change it; which tags are visible for selectable template variables; and which of those template variable values is the default on the shared dashboard page.
```

Author: `Under **Time & Variable Settings**, configure your desired options for the time frame and whether users can change it; which tags are visible for selectable template variables.` 

Let's leave off the second half, it doesn't make sense to include

> 6. (Optional) You can copy the URL to share, but they will also receive an email with a link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. (Optional) You can copy the URL to share; the specified email addresses will also receive an email with a link.
```

7. Click **Done**.

> **Note**: 
> - The created URL has live, read-only access to the contents of that specific dashboard.
> - Dashboard [template variable][4] selectors are only present on dashboards when you configure visible tags. The template variables' default values are the default values set in Datadog. 
> - Additionally, widgets based on APM traces queries do not display data on public dashboards. All log based queries will show data, except the Log Stream widget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: moved to the top of the section

Author: I feel like adding what we don't do to the top of the section doesn't feel great - I'd rather keep it at the bottom

Reviewer: ok, reworked to keep the "doesn't do" down here.

### Revoke

> To revoke a shared dashboard:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To revoke the sharing of a dashboard:
```

Author: this seems clunky, we call them shared dashboards

## Overview

Shared dashboards and graphs allow you to display metric, trace, and log visualizations outside of Datadog.

## Dashboards
When you share a dashboard by URL or email link, the shared page shows live, read-only contents of that dashboard. 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If your shared dashboard has visible tags configured, [template variable][4] selectors are present on the shared page. The template variables' default values are the default values you set when you configure the share, as described next.

```

Author: I'd rather keep this at the bottom and not lead with it

Author: I'd suggest we don't include this

### Share a dashboard by public URL

To share an entire dashboard publicly, generate a URL:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If your shared dashboard has visible tags configured, [template variable][4] selectors are present on the shared page. The template variables' default values are the default values you set when you configure the share, as described next.

```

## Overview

Shared dashboards and graphs allow you to display metric, trace, and log visualizations outside of Datadog.

## Dashboards

> When you share a dashboard by URL or email link, the shared page shows live, read-only contents of that dashboard. Widgets based on APM traces queries do not display data on public dashboards. The Log Stream widget doesn't show data either, but other Log-based queries do.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you share a dashboard, the shared page shows live, read-only contents of that dashboard. 
```

If your shared dashboard has visible tags configured, [template variable][4] selectors are present on the shared page. The template variables' default values are the default values you set when you configure the share, as described next.
### Share a dashboard by public URL

To share an entire dashboard publicly, generate a URL:

1. On the dashboard's page, click the settings cog in the upper right.
2. Select **Generate public URL**.
3. Under **Time & Variable Settings**, configure your desired options for the time frame and whether users can change it, as well which tags are visible for selectable template variables.
4. Copy the URL and click **Done**.

**Share with individual emails**: 
1. On the dashboard's page, click the settings cog in the upper right.
2. Select **Generate public URL**.
3. Select **Only specified people** for indicating who can access this dashboard.
4. Input the email addresses for people you would like to share your dashboard with.

> 5. CUnder **Time & Variable Settings**, configure your desired options for the time frame and whether users can change it, as well which tags are visible for selectable template variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Under **Time & Variable Settings**, configure your desired options for the time frame and whether users can change it, as well which tags are visible for selectable template variables.
```

6. (Optional) You can copy the URL to share; the specified email addresses will also receive an email with a link.
7. Click **Done**.

**Note**: 
- The created URL has live, read-only access to the contents of that specific dashboard.

> - Dashboard [template variable][4] selectors are only present on dashboards when you configure visible tags. The template variables' default values are the default values set in Datadog. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> - Additionally, widgets based on APM traces queries do not display data on public dashboards. All log based queries will show data, except the Log Stream widget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Widgets based on APM traces queries do not display data on public dashboards. 
- Log-based queries except the Log Stream widget will show data.
```
